Hello and welcome.
You guys up for another challenge because now this challenge is gonna be all about the Flyaway so let's
write an application that simulates the popular game counterstrike.
If you guys are familiar with this it's really just a sort of like a gun shooting game terrorists versus
counter terrorists.
Hopefully no one is offended by this is just a nice example of a nice game where you can reuse players
mentioned earlier that one of the examples of using the flyway is gaming where you can reuse players
so you don't create so many objects.
So this is just going to simulate this game we're going to implement the creation of terrorists and
counter terrorist objects using the flyway pattern so you're going to need to create two classes a terrorist
and a counterterrorist whenever a player asks for a weapon.
We assign him the best weapon in the mission the terrorist task is to plant a bomb while the counter
terrorists have to diffuse the bomb.
We want to reduce the object count for each player and we'll use the flyway pattern to achieve this.
We have any number of players playing this game.
If we do not file the flyway design pattern then we will have to create any number of objects one for
each player using the fly a pattern we only have to create two objects one for the terrorists and another
for the counter terrorists.
We can then reuse them again and again again and whenever acquired it's important to identify the intrinsic
and extrinsic state when using a fly pattern.
We know this.
I've emphasizes quite a bit for our application.
The task is an intrinsic state for both types of players.
It's always the same for terrorists and always the same for counterterrorist.
We can have some other states like their color or any other properties which are similar for all the
terrorists counterterrorist for our application.
Weapon is an extrinsic state.
Each player can carry any weapon of his or her choice weapon needs to be passed as a parameter by the
client itself.
So here's a possible design the Flyaway interface would be the player that's the object that we want
to share as much as possible.
This is also the optical we would set the extrinsic data are two concrete concrete fly weights which
are gonna be shared.
Are the terrorists and the counter terrorists all right.
Task is intrinsic data.
Weapon is extrinsic data.
Weapon usually do not store as a member variable.
Usually you use it inside of a method.
But again for our purposes we want to just demonstrate that we're using the extrinsic data.
And so we're going to assign it and then we can print it out just like what in my example.
But again typically the weapon is not going to be a member variable the weapon would just be passed
and parameters and stored.
So you'd have multiple extrinsic data parameters or methods where you could use that data.
You're also going to need to create your factory it's pretty straightforward.
It's just you can pass a parameter that can be a concrete factory it will store things on a hash map
and you can have a guitar player which returns the player the shared player or new player.
And then we have the client which could be the task that Counter Strike client and this will have a
player type in a weapon and also methods for calling the assigned weapon and calling the mission.
So this isn't a great class description here.
Really the client here can just have a bunch of player types either terrorists or counter types terrorists
a bunch of weapons.
And what this would do is they would just create a bunch of players maybe like in a for loop maybe create
like 10 players they would get the players to the player factory and you know either you can write a
random function method to get random players either terrorists or counter terrorists they would then
assign weapons for those terrorists and then you could call a mission on the player to send the player
on a mission right.
But the mission and the the mission here would be on the actual player itself so it would be in the
Flyaway interface which would be a terrorist or counterterrorist.
So the mission is not located in this context right class.
Right.
The assigned weapon in the mission are being used but they're actually in the interface up here implemented
down in here
and you can store this state data on the client if you want but that's usually not a great idea either
but that's the gist of it again is we want to create the flyweight interface extrinsic data for assigning
a weapon and in an a method just called Mission which can you can call in the client because the missions
are going to be the same right and the the two concrete fly weights are gonna have attributes for a
task because that's intrinsic attributes we are going to store the extrinsic state because we're gonna
have an assigned weapon method and then when we do our mission call our mission will display the weapon
that we're using and that will show us that we can actually have very similar objects shared but have
very in just little little types of data.
So that's your task possible output.
Again we created the counterterrorist.
We then have a counterterrorist with a particular weapon.
And the task is always you know maybe the same then we create terrorists.
We have different weapons and the same tasks.
We have other counterterrorist with different weapons in the same tasks I'll provide a solution in the
LAX lecture and how you can implement this.
But good luck and please let me know if you have any questions.
Q and A thank you.